Jyn, everything i do...
i do it to protect you.
say you understand
i understand.
You wann get out of here?
Our rebellion is all that is left to fight the Empire.
We think you can help us.
When was the last time you have seen your father?
What is this?
Apparently he is critical for the development of a super weapon.
If my father built this thing ...
we need to find him.
All right.
How many do we need?
They are requestion a codename.
its...
Rogue
Rogue One.
The power we're dealing with here ...
it is immeasurable.
If the Empire has that kind of power ...
what chance will we have?
We have hope.
Rebellions are formed by hope.
They have no idea that we're coming.
Keep this moment.
The Force is powerful.
Makes ten men look like a hundred.
We will take the next chance.
And the next.
They're all rebels, aren't they?
Save the Rebellion!
Save the Dream!